Updated Data-Drive Design content (#33449)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: guide/english/user-experience-research/data-driven-design/index.md

---
## Data Driven Design

**What is Data Driven Design?**

> Data-driven design is a data-based, strategic design approch that aims to create web/app/software or any other digital product on the basis of available user-data gathered using a number of ways such as user interviews, analytics interpretation, surveys, research and so on.

Author: Thank you, @moT01 for your time and review and suggestions; I'll work on them and let you know soon. I would also like to apologise for the typos.

> Data-driven design is a data-based, strategic design approch that aims to create web/app/software or any other digital product on the basis of available user-data gathered using a number of ways such as user interviews, analytics interpretation, surveys, research and so on.

Reviewer: Thank you - if you want, you can add them directly on github by clicking the `commit suggestion` button

Another useful method is what we call User Interviews– talking to your real users and finding out what troubles them and what they love about your product. You can do this by conducting formal or informal interview sessions with your customers. 

A general practice to condut user interview is to identify some of your users who’d agree to talk to you precisely. Once you have them for interview, ask them most common yet the most important questions such as what they like about your website, how they visit, what is their usual visiting pattern, how long their visit stay and what makes them leave it before completing their desired action.

Customers revealing real answers to these questions can be real gem for you. If you get to know the answers to them questions, you are half way through your data driven design.

**3)	A/B Test**

Another popular method is to conduct A/B Test on your website or app. An A/B test is simply a test of two different version of the same element (such as banner, call to action button, headline, price, color etc.) on your website.

An effective A/B test can tell you which version of your tested element is more popular among customers. 

> For example: If you want to redesign your home-page using data driven design approach, you can conduct A/B test with two different design of the home-page and directing a few of users on 1st version of the design, while directing other users on the 2nd version and thus noticing which version retains or converts more users during a specific test duration. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example: If you want to redesign your home-page using data driven design approach, you can conduct A/B test with two different designs of the home-page and directing a few of users on first version of the design, while directing other users on the second version. With a test like this, you can find out which version retains or converts more users during a specific test duration. 
```
